WIP BXMSDOC-8000 & BXMSDOC-8001: Update Kogito book as per 7.12 STP BAPLs (#72)
hmanwani-rh/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/getting-started-kogito/proc-kogito-custom-spring-boot-project-creation.adoc

> [id="proc-kogito-custom-spring-boot-project-creation_{context}"]

Reviewer: Please rewrite as a procedure module.

Author: Done

= Creating a custom Spring Boot project for {KOGITO} microservices

> You can create custom Maven projects using the Spring Boot archetype for your {KOGITO} microservices. The Spring Boot archetype enables you to add Spring Boot starters or add-ons in the project creation. In {KOGITO}, the following Spring Boot starters are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create custom Maven projects using the Spring Boot archetype for your {KOGITO} microservices. The Spring Boot archetype enables you to add Spring Boot starters or add-ons to your project. {KOGITO}, supports the following Spring Boot starters:
```

Author: Done

> Processes Spring Boot starter::

Reviewer: This looks like it should be the first step in the procedure, right? Add one of the following dependencies to your KOGITO project:

Otherwise, what does the user do with the info?

Author: I've added more content to the introduction and also added a step for adding dependency.

Starter for providing BPMN support to your Spring Boot project. The following is an example of adding a processes Spring boot starter to your project:

[source,xml]
----
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
    <artifactId>kogito-processes-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

Decisions Spring Boot starter::
Starter for providing DMN support to your Spring Boot project. The following is an example of adding a decisions Spring boot starter to your project:

[source,xml]
----
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>

>     <artifactId>kogito-decisions-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>

Reviewer: You are providing specific examples. I think you need to use variables and made the examples generic.

Author: I've added more content to the introduction to explain the examples.

  </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

Predictions Spring Boot starter::
Starter for providing PMML support to your Spring Boot project. The following is an example of adding a predictions Spring boot starter to your project:

[source,xml]
----
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
    <artifactId>kogito-predictions-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

Rules Spring Boot starter::
Starter for providing DRL support to your Spring Boot project. The following is an example of adding a rules Spring boot starter to your project:

[source,xml]
----
<dependencies>
  <dependency>
    <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
    <artifactId>kogito-rules-spring-boot-starter</artifactId>
  </dependency>
</dependencies>
----

.Procedure
. In a command terminal, navigate to a local folder where you want to store the new project.

> . Enter any of the following commands to generate a project using `starters` or `addons` property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter one of the following commands to generate a project using the `starters` or `addons` property:
```
